Update scenario management overview from develop (#571)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/scenario_management_overview/step_03/step_03.md

![](Data-Sources.jpg){ width=700 style="margin:auto;display:block;border: 4px solid rgb(210,210,210);border-radius:7px" }

- *[Pickle](../../../../manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md/#pickle)* (default): Taipy can read and write any data that can be serializable.

- *[CSV](../../../../manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md/#csv)*: Taipy can read and write any data frame as a CSV.

- *[JSON](../../../../manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md/#json)*: Taipy can read and write any JSONable data as a JSON file.

- *[SQL](../../../../manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md/#sql)*: Taipy can read and write from/to a SQL table or a SQL database.

- *[Mongo](../../../../manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md/#mongo-collection)*: Taipy can read and write from/to a Mongo Collection

- *[Parquet](../../../../manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md/#parquet)*: Taipy can read and write data frames from/to a Parquet format

- *[Generic](../../../../manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md/#generic)*: Taipy provides a generic Data Node that can read and store any data based on a custom _reading_ and _writing_ function created by the user.

> This part utilizes the straightforward DAG/execution setup detailed below. The setup comprises the following components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section uses a simple DAG/execution setup explained below. The setup includes these components:
```
